README.md, before:

Lambkin
=======
Lambkin is CLI tool for generating and managing simple functions in AWS Lambda.

Supporting Node.js and Python, Lambkin generates skeleton functions, provides
lightweight help for managing dependencies, and does its best to hide the
complexity of publishing and running functions in Lambda.

Quick Start
===========

Prerequisites
-----------
* A valid `~/.aws/config` file. eg.
```
[default]
region = us-west-2
```
* A valid `~/.aws/credentials` file. eg.
```
[default]
aws_access_key_id = AKIAUAVOHGHOOWEEYIED
aws_secret_access_key = 90kX2Y2bykTH9CpQFHCzN92tukYf26
```

* `pip install lambkin`


Examples
--------

#### Create a new Python function from a basic template

``` bash
lambkin create cool-func
$EDITOR cool-func/cool-func.py
```

#### ...or a maybe you prefer Node.js

``` bash
lambkin create cool-func --runtime=nodejs
$EDITOR cool-func/cool-func.js
```

#### Install packages and dependencies for your function

``` bash
$EDITOR cool-func/Makefile
lambkin make cool-func
```

#### Bundle up your function (with libraries) and send it to Lambda

``` bash
lambkin publish cool-func --description 'The best function ever.'
```

#### Increase the timeout for a long-running function

``` bash
lambkin publish cool-func --description 'Slow' --timeout=300
```

#### Invoke the published function, right now!

``` bash
lambkin run cool-func
```

#### Schedule the function to run at regular intervals

``` bash
lambkin cron cool-func --rate='10 minutes'
```

#### Remove the function from Lambda, but keep it locally.

``` bash
lambkin unpublish cool-func
```

Dependencies - pip and npm
--------------------------
Each function you create gets a Makefile at `some-function/Makefile`.
This is the best place to install any dependencies. Examples for installing pip
and npm packages are provided in the Makefile.

Nicer, more language-specific dependency management is planned for the future.

Commit message:

Add virtualenv pre-req to README.

README.md, after:

Lambkin
=======
Lambkin is CLI tool for generating and managing simple functions in AWS Lambda.

Supporting Node.js and Python, Lambkin generates skeleton functions, provides
lightweight help for managing dependencies, and does its best to hide the
complexity of publishing and running functions in Lambda.

Quick Start
===========

Prerequisites
-------------
* A valid `~/.aws/config` file. eg.
```
[default]
region = us-west-2
```
* A valid `~/.aws/credentials` file. eg.
```
[default]
aws_access_key_id = AKIAUAVOHGHOOWEEYIED
aws_secret_access_key = 90kX2Y2bykTH9CpQFHCzN92tukYf26
```

* A working `virtualenv` command if you will be writing Lambda functions in Python.

Installing
----------
* `pip install lambkin`

Examples
--------

#### Create a new Python function from a basic template

``` bash
lambkin create cool-func
$EDITOR cool-func/cool-func.py
```

#### ...or a maybe you prefer Node.js

``` bash
lambkin create cool-func --runtime=nodejs
$EDITOR cool-func/cool-func.js
```

#### Install packages and dependencies for your function

``` bash
$EDITOR cool-func/Makefile
lambkin make cool-func
```

#### Bundle up your function (with libraries) and send it to Lambda

``` bash
lambkin publish cool-func --description 'The best function ever.'
```

#### Increase the timeout for a long-running function

``` bash
lambkin publish cool-func --description 'Slow' --timeout=300
```

#### Invoke the published function, right now!

``` bash
lambkin run cool-func
```

#### Schedule the function to run at regular intervals

``` bash
lambkin cron cool-func --rate='10 minutes'
```

#### Remove the function from Lambda, but keep it locally.

``` bash
lambkin unpublish cool-func
```

Dependencies - pip and npm
--------------------------
Each function you create gets a Makefile at `some-function/Makefile`.
This is the best place to install any dependencies. Examples for installing pip
and npm packages are provided in the Makefile.

Nicer, more language-specific dependency management is planned for the future.
